Create docs. (#560)
yiisoft/db: docs/en/executing_sql_queries/bind-parameters.md

# Binding parameters

> When creating a **DB** command from a **SQL with parameters**, you should almost always use the approach of binding parameters to prevent **SQL injection attacks**. You can **bind parameters** to a **SQL statement** by using named placeholders or question mark placeholders. Named placeholders are of the form `:name` and question mark placeholders are of the form `?`. The following example shows how to **bind parameters** to a **SQL statement**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a **DB** command from a **SQL with parameters**, you should usually use the approach of binding parameters to prevent **SQL injection attacks**. You can **bind parameters** to a **SQL statement** by using named placeholders or question mark placeholders. Named placeholders are of the form `:name` and question mark placeholders are of the form `?`. The following example shows how to **bind parameters** to a **SQL statement**:
```

Reviewer: There's no example after `:`.

> **Info:** *Parameter binding is only used in places where values need to be inserted into strings that contain plain **SQL**. In many places in higher abstraction layers like **query builder** and **active record** you often specify an **array of values** which will be transformed into **SQL**. In these places parameter binding is done by Yii internally, so there is no need to specify params manually.*

Reviewer: Is it a good idea to mention AR here?

For example, the following **SQL statement** contains `:id` named placeholders:

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

use Yiisoft\Db\Connection\ConnectionInterface;

/** @var ConnectionInterface $db */

$command = $db->createCommand('SELECT * FROM customer WHERE id=:id');
$command->bindValue(':id', 1);
```

You can bind the value using the `?` mark question placeholders as follows:

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

use Yiisoft\Db\Connection\ConnectionInterface;

/** @var ConnectionInterface $db */

$command = $db->createCommand('SELECT * FROM customer WHERE id=?');
$command->bindValue(1, 1);
```

> In the **SQL statement**, you can embed one or multiple parameter placeholders (e.g. :id in the above example). A parameter placeholder should be a string starting with a colon. You may then call one of the following parameter binding methods to bind the parameter values:

Reviewer: Nothing after `:`. Code missing?
